and if they changed it from fish to dust
the ball and now hold on tight the boy
arched towers
by the bibio
lived
the domain all the locker room almost like
in front of real madrid you would be the child
everyone re dominated all the auctions for
decorate from the athletic wardrobe of
madrid assured has been the Libyan boy
tower towers met in the team of
managers of players directory
large parties we had said that in
the important ones
a tower child is always now take out
long a targeted video that is
barcelona mascherano with this change of
clear front look where the towers are
they are alone and because Mascherano had
thrown the ball from far back
barcelona was stretched distimo without
chance for the rebound and then what
makes towers for the love of god control
that clipping about mascherano believe and
in clinic definition of towers
control gambeta and shot all the center
for towers it cleared towers in mode
2007-2008 for listeners and for me yes
good ball
parallel to prime is in the
barça I want to wake up to be
happen from neymar suárez the return of the
trilogy yes sir trio threesome tremendous
the barça will be finished and now we will have
needy endings
now more than ever msn look what it does
Messi against Mario Suarez control and pass
mano a mano Neiman also takes the
time and crosses the auction very well but
this of suárez is excellent another pass
hit luisito that will have a 17 as soon as
to goals but what plays for the team
next to him the ball went black
pursue the diagonal
miranda de suárez and does not accompany the
movement
juanfran and ya neymar has advantage
could the goalkeeper have done something else
for me yes for me yes no matter how much
back out playing from the bottom now
barcelona complicated the step by
this gene for the black and lateral short
what happened
then the mountain not even online
to be something unusual
a thing of madness
and be of now but here but he saw it
more free and will not be able
intentionally
it was somewhat static karate and it was hot to
Jordi Alba
they have not made a beautiful city
jordi to oaka of completed
there will be lateral by exaggerated jordi to the
gold marking raúl garcía as well as
sixth defender
with the name of frank follows juanfran
calendar marked character at the end
but now finally to the criminal prison
Criminal says Mascherano's referee
about juanfran and yellow now it was
criminal
an adventurer joanfran the second time
trying to pass between two throw pipes
now where was the lack if there is a lack
for me and Juanfran takes it for
front to mascherano for me this is not
lack
for me it is not a lack of this with which
we do not argue if it were not valentina not
has this genocidal fauna attack and the
garcía botó atlético de madrid
for garcía garcía
and all
athletic of madrid raúl garcía 29
minutes can press serial times
is a goal of the athletic classification
What a great match we have for the
manager brook cup made it garcía el
mattress set two plots
the match very well raúl garcía
crowning a very good phase of athletic
from madrid
juanfran had already starred in three
run but the barca calls 2-1 to the shot
corner but I have to face
you
de la herza anticipated in the first suit a
I'm already charged 37 minutes
athletic of madrid or barcelona two
hot matches and the head appeared
of busquets to put the eyes the goal
against miranda he was waiting for
Suarez corner with comma out to the
vertex of the area arrives at Busquets
anticipate after looking at the slope of
Suarez and reject and the mind is not a
weird match this one
because Barcelona made a goal with their
three cracks forward and just done
one against but stands miranda
now in the game has very little but the
match is 2 to 2
and see if now because the club comes
month and suffer every day if you change it
wait jordi to mind for jordi alba
to reign
on the raft tails on the sea that
class to define the big ball of
Messi for Jordi Alba attending
neymar defined with dad soccer with 12
states lady barcelona 3 athletic of
Marine was being held criminally in the option
previous and who hits the ball in
Jordi Alba
the south of alba in the color
was criminal was criminal and giorgio understands
Running is good not for nothing if it starts to
Run Jordi Alba and Messi also run
diagonal left center of neymar
dragging whoever arrives jordi alba
the code was gone where it goes or
black does not turn around I cried where
stick the ball in the back or the codec
another where he hits the ball in the elbow
in the elbow then he turns to jordi
dawn and start running
Griezmann says wait for the criminal but
view it to run and a play that is
a portrait of the messi party changes the
sense was not juanfran closed or
black arda
insist arda
and in lack highlighted of Suarez
try what shot
If I give it to each hour for Mascherano and if
the existing one reports
dust and veron
I used
love state vargas
but good there is salvation
directly the moon
so he asks for it but to that cart and he
warm manual action
to prove it
and the clear chain that came out